[TEACH cackles] My darkness
will swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I’ll lose to you?
I’m gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger’s treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I’m gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World, the Straw Hats
form an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Luffy had intended to win
a tournament that promised
the Flame Flame fruit to the
champion, but abandoned that
plan when Law was
captured by Doflamingo.
Now, he rushes to the
palace to save him.
Meanwhile, the Block D match
has come to a conclusion.
[gasps]
[REBECCA]
Is something wrong with him?
[snores]
[REBECCA]
He fell asleep?
[yelling]
[MARINE C]
He’s a sleepwalker?
[BASTILLE]
Correct.
Hakuba only awakens while
Cavendish is fast asleep.
One could even refer to him
as a sort of alter-ego.
[REBECCA]
I made it.
[LUFFY]
You want something?
Are you Straw Hat Luffy?
Yeah. What’s up?
[KIN’EMON, ZORO]
Don’t tell her!
Come with me.
I’m here to help guide
you into the palace.
[LUFFY] "The Admiral’s Decision!
Fujitora vs. Doflamingo!"
[CROWD cheering]
Now, time for the final round!
This just in.
The four executives scheduled
to participate today
have shockingly announced their
withdrawal from the competition!
I am at a loss here,
folks. My apologies!
[CROWD]
What?
[WOMAN A] I was looking
forward to swooning over
that hard-boiled Señor!
[MAN A] I wanted to see
Lao G in action!
[WOMAN B] We don’t get to
watch Vise bring the pain?
I was looking forward to
Dellinger’s High Heel attacks!
Don’t fret!
We’ve got a treat in store!
Subbing in is none other
than our coliseum’s hero:
Mister Diamante!
He will be showing up
in the finals
and throwing down
in their stead!
[MAN C]
Diamante!
[WOMAN C]
Oh, Diamante!
[MEDIC A]
Take him to the Medical Room!
[MEDIC B]
Hurry!
[snoring]
I’m gonna need some more
bandages, and fast!
[gasps]
[REBECCA] Thank you for
your sacrifice, Agilia.
It won’t be in vain.
Ah! Lucy!
I’m in the finals, too!
Huh? Lucy?
It’s not him!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Not cool!
What makes you think you’re
worthy of speaking
to him like that?
Oh, you must be Rebecca?
I’m actually rather familiar
with your backstory.
Then, you know
about my family?
I’m going to cause a bit
of commotion here shortly,
but I swear,
I won’t do you wrong.
[SABO] It’s all about putting
on appearances around here.
There’s something
about this kingdom.
[SABO] I can’t help but think
of the place I grew up.
[ZORO] It’s great ya
wanna help us and all,
but I doubt you can do anything.
[KIN’EMON] We’ve caught
wind that one needs
a sort of pass
to enter the lift.
Don’t worry. I have
the pass you mentioned.
[KIN’EMON]
Oh! Then in that event--
But you should take
another route instead.
[KIN’EMON]
What? Why do you advise that?
[VIOLET] While the lift
would take you directly
to the palace entrance,
it’s too risky.
If they find out who
you are, it’s all over.
[LUFFY]
Back to plan A then!
Let’s kick ass and bust in!
[ZORO]
That won’t work!
They’ll just keep sending out
more guards for us to fend off!
[LUFFY]
Huh? Oh, yeah. Right.
And more importantly...
[KIN’EMON]
Please proceed.
[VIOLET]
You look suspicious.
[KIN’EMON]
Madam, I’m offended!
[ZORO]
Hey, come to think of it,
aren’t you the one who lured
our idiot cook away earlier?
[LUFFY]
Sanji?
There you are!
[SANJI]
Ooh! Violet, my sweet!
Yes, and he hurried off
to protect your ship.
[ZORO]
Uh-huh, we know the rest.
So you were the one who told him
the Sunny was in trouble, huh?
[KIN’EMON] Then, perchance,
did you provide Sir Sanji
with the map to the
Toy House as well?
[VIOLET]
Yes, that was me.
[KIN’EMON] How did you
acquire such an item?
I was one of
Doflamingo’s subordinates.
[LUFFY]
What? For real?
[WICKA]
It’s true!
But she was only
pretending to be a bad guy!
Wicka, it’s you!
[gasps] Wow!
You actually remember me?
Come now, did you
forget about my ability?
I’ve been keeping a close watch
on your people this entire time.
I also know about the plan.
You’re fighting alongside
the brave one-legged soldier
who’s been looking after Rebecca
since my sister passed away.
We’ll wreck the facilities
and defeat the
Doflamingo Family.
Then, King Riku will
return to the throne!
You’ve been working so hard!
Thank you for still
believing in my father.
Princess Viola!
[FRANKY yells]
Here comes another
"“Strong Right"”!
Huh?
[MACHVISE]
Da-yeeeen!
Huh?
[MACHVISE]
Ton-Ton!
What was that?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE H]
Now, men!
Give this guy all ya got!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yell]
[groans] Come on!
What is this crap?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yell]
I’ve had enough!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES whimper]
Franky Rocket...
[FRANKY]
...wait for it...
...Launcher!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
Run away!
That guy is crazy!
I thought it would launch from
the cannon on his head,
but I guess not, huh?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
Ah! Señor! Get out of there!
Come on! Use your dive ability!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE I]
You can clean your teeth
with a shoeshine brush later!
[WOMEN gasp]
No way!
He’s such a hard-boiled guy!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE I]
Señor, please!
The molars can wait!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE L]
I’m sure your tongue is clean!
Move!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE I]
Señor!
Señor Pink! No!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Señor Pink!
[WOMEN]
Señor!
Why didn’t you use your
powers to dodge that?
You shouldn’t make
blind assumptions
about others, you punks.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[SEÑOR] I use my Swim Swim Fruit
powers on my own terms.
Yes, I can move through
walls and floors...
...but under no
circumstances ever
would I use it to run
away from the enemy.
[SEÑOR]
In other words...
I’ll go for a swim
when I feel like it.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
He’s such a rebel!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE M]
Huh? Is that brandy?
O-Oh, he’s bleeding all over!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE N]
I think he broke a bone or two!
[BOTH] He’s cleansing
his wounds with brandy?
I see now!
[WOMEN]
Huh?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE M]
Señor!
You’re way too good
for this world.
You’ve put your life at risk
and taken a hit head-on...
...because you knew.
Your colleague was
incapacitated behind you!
My tummy’s hurt-eeeen!
[WOMAN E]
Aw!
My heart can’t take it!
Señor, I would die for you!
That was long time ago.
Don’t dwell on the past.
[WOMEN]
Make love to me, Señor!
Hey, Vise, can you stand up?
[MACHVISE]
Yeah, yeah! I’m fi-eeeen!
Damn, that guy’s
hard-boiled as hell.
[MACHVISE]
Da-yeeeen! Ton-Ton!
[FRANKY yells]
[MACHVISE groans]
My tum-tum! The pa-yeeeen!
[FRANKY]
What the...?
Oh, no, musta
missed agai-yeeeen!
Quit moving around like
some verm-eeeen, dangit!
Shut up, man!
What the super-hell
is with you guys?
[MARINE OFFICER A]
Stop right there.
Cyborg Franky of the
Straw Hat Pirates!
We’ll be seizing the Toy House!
So better surrender to us now!
Huh? Why’s the Navy interfering?
What’s that?
Did I just miss someth-eeeen?
I don’t recall
ordering more trouble.
All right, open fire!
[MARINES]
Yes, sir!
[FRANKY]
Groovy.
Guess that makes
me their target?
You wanna fight, too?
I’ll take all you suckers on!
Now, bring it!
[DOFLAMINGO] Sounds like
the Navy is on the move.
I’m thrilled you made the
right choice, Fujitora.
Smart man.
[FUJITORA] Well, I’m not ready
to declare where I stand
in these complicated
matters just yet.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Hm...
We can’t take risks
with Straw Hat afoot,
and with other suspicious
parties getting involved,
consider it a
precautionary measure.
Our choice was made for us.
[FUJITORA] The Navy’s primary
priority is to curtail
the suffering of small
folk in this scuffle.
If Straw Hat’s intention
is to take you down,
then I’d wager he’d do
that with little regard
for anything or
anyone in his path.
[FUJITORA] And if my sense
of justice is correct,
those humble folks will
need my assistance.
Once that is settled,
I’ll be taking care
of you... personally.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Excuse me?
[FUJITORA] Now I may be
a newcomer to this game,
recruited through the
World Military Draft,
but since I was appointed to
the position of Navy Admiral,
I’ve got but a
simple goal in mind.
And that is?
[FUJITORA]
I won’t stop
till I bear witness to
the complete abolition
of this accursed
Seven Warlords system.
[FUJITORA] A time back,
there was a pirate who came in
like a ball of fire
and attempted
to force his will
over some kingdom.
I reckon, if he had his way,
that land would be in a
similar state as this one.
[DOFLAMINGO]
The Navy. The Seven Warlords.
The Four Emperors.
What do you think will happen
to the balance of power?
No clue.
We won’t figure that out
till it’s demolished.
However...
Continue.
[FUJITORA] If you keep up
this foolish reign of terror...
[FUJITORA] ...the price on
your head will only increase.
Heavenly Demon.
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
Did I mishear you?
I though you said, "“Off me now
while you have the chance!"”
[FUJITORA]
Let’s not be hasty.
We can operate under
a gentleman’s agreement.
My only objective is to
protect your kingdom.
So any sort of "“rough edges"”
that I may accidently
happen upon,
I promise to turn
a blind eye to.
And rest assured, that’s the
only kind of eye I have.
Don’t forget that we have
the Reverie World Summit
coming up this year.
[FUJITORA] This world’s
going to be changing,
whether you like it or not.
[LUFFY] Huh? So, wait?
You’re a princess? Ow!
[ZORO]
Could you turn it down a little?
[KIN’EMON] Then does that imply
that you're a Dressrosa royalty?
[VIOLET]
I used to be.
[LUFFY] Huh? If Rebecca's
the king’s granddaughter,
that makes you what now?
[VIOLET]
Rebecca is my niece.
She’s the daughter of my
late older sister, Scarlet.
[KIN’EMON] A hidden door!
Are you a ninja?
[ZORO]
Now I’ve seen everything.
[KIN’EMON] A princess and
a ninja! Remarkable!
[VIOLET] By taking this route,
you can avoid being spotted
at the main entrance.
Now follow me.
[LUFFY gasping]
[VIOLET] This is a secret escape
passage of the Riku Family.
Not even Doflamingo
knows that it’s here.
[KIN’EMON coughing]
[KIN’EMON]
What is this comically large
basket’s purpose?
It’s a pulley for lifting cargo.
Look up.
[ZORO]
Hmm.
Looks like it reaches
all the way up to the top.
[KIN’EMON] And I spy
a fine staircase, as well!
Now if you follow
the flight of steps up,
you’ll reach the Rampart Tower
where the entrance is located.
[ZORO] Uh... Luffy! How about
you make this easy on everyone
and grab this boulder here
and shoot yourself up?
[KIN’EMON]
Oh, quite a novel solution!
If you can bring the chains once
a-top and cascade back down,
we can traverse
upwards with ease.
That sounds like madness.
I got it.
[VIOLET gasps]
'‘Kay! Here goes!
[ZORO]
Make it snappy, Luffy!
[KIN’EMON] Please join us for
the ride upward, Madame Ninja.
No way... What?
[CROWD cheering]
[GYATS] The Corrida Colosseum
Battle Tournament continues on!
At last! The final round!
[KOALA panting]
Just in time!
Everyone in the
kingdom is watching
as we lock the special
ring into place now!
[CROWD cheering]
[GYATS] For those needing a
refresher, the winner gets
to take home the coveted
Logia Fruit produced
when "“Fire Fist"” Ace perished,
the Flame Flame Fruit!
Who will take home
that fabulous grand prize?
We will soon find out when our
final five contenders
duke it out!
[CROWD cheering]
[SABO chuckles]
Not gonna lie.
I’m pretty excited.
[SABO] Well, let’s get
to it, Marine Colosseo!
[BARTOLOMEO]
What did you call me?
It’s Bartolomeo, man!
Look! Our first contender
is marching in now!
[CROWD cheering]
[KOALA laughs]
Oh, boy!
It’s our surprise finalist,
and wayward wanderer,
none other than Lucy!
[CROWD cheering]
[SABO] I hope you’re
watching over me, Ace!
[NARRATOR] The final battle
to win the Flame Flame Fruit
is finally underway!
The stalwart Diamante
comes face-to-face with Lucy,
the man who is destined
to inherit Ace’s will.
As the Colosseum
roars with excitement,
the Don Quixote family
executive demonstrates
the true extent of his power.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"“The Final Round Starts!
Diamante the Hero Shows Up!"”
I’m gonna be
King of the Pirates!